hello zavala walls coming with a 22 and
a half thousand team so it cost me
anyway it's very good for a second team
or just a cheap team if I see you
looking to do um a lot of them very good
stats but I will stress right now that
not a lot of the month as good as his
stats suggest but there's still very
good up in goals you got Akinfeev he's
got 88,000 6 foot 1 rated 84 they d 9
reflexes so he's never too bad disease
be honest picked him up for 2300 so very
good acquisition to having goals first
centre-back probably the tallest one and
fastest one which is pacetti he's 61
against I'm decorated simply sick space
and 80 heading so very good one to have
the right another hearty defense he cost
me 1300 so again quite cheap they're all
pretty cheap apart from a top top who
become I think often under actually I
think up on the left this is the
smallest one is only 5 or 10 brioni cost
me six hundred coins simplified rate
it's 73 pays 81 head in so definitely
not too bad the right right center back
i go for hoboken he's gone he was a 640
76 rate it's 77 pace and paid the fence
just 1,000 going just not bad for a good
ideas really that's all this is why the
weakest link the team when I CDM sale on
my name in because 450 coins Denisov
riddle eighty 180 pounds in six pace and
date defense pretty good witzel probably
my favorite player in the team for the
price of the cost Sione cost 1300 he's 6
for 14 * week for done skills 80 passing
and simply seven head in he's a lot like
Fellaini but very cheap version huh see
am Carlos Eduardo very good he cost me
and recording is very cheap face lack
skills reiki rated 83 pace 80 dribbling
74 shoot in very good very good
on the left is a choice between two
nugget I've Gonzalez a toss it toss it
up a dribbling and he's 88 pace Gonzalez
has 90 percentage of liver a lot better
shooting so you can definitely make you
know what you think is the best one for
the left I'd go with Gonzales but I did
play with sausage for a while so it's up
to you I could pick them both up for
around 750 so doesn't really matter too
much I'm right mckeady and I was stats
say he's one of the best place on the
game but is not he's all right these
twelve hundred coins five-star skills
for start week 91 pace 86 dribbling
iterated good shorten him but even
though it says his loss he's not as good
as it says up top you got all that
though he got me 9000 he's the most
expensive player in the team but he's
probably the best player I'd say four
star skills very strong player he has of
course Mighty One paying three dribbling
80 to shoot in now well it on he's 81
rated 92 pace sent him a shot and 78
heading for style weak foot and skills
very good player 3,700 coins so it lots
a team and here's a few clips of them
playing now so if you'd like to
subscribe click Subscribe if not see you
again it's only cost me twenty two and a
half thousand so it's a very good team
for what it costs well these place
it's a goal in there in front
Joe's heaven with a slide tackle
he's hit the post brilliant fantastic
try blowing up the crossbar
well it does absolutely wrap it up no
mercy they're still going right to the
end for an emphatic win yeah they've
been really ruthless here then game
hasn't slipped they kept the pressure on
for the whole tank that's full time
good class brilliant opening and it goes
to go I've got in to score here pay
tribute to the build-up alum and the way
the chance was taken in the end
consonants hope you haven't you if it
could be the goal sing the chance and a
tower on target again and so early in
the game when he is a Sufi golf school
he wasn't in the least not one that is
if there is an opportunity to break
forward really
they pulled up short because it leads to
this shot he's gone
we could get some news on the injury I
think Jeff's Ruiz is on the case got a
problem with his car he's staying
another chair Jeff
if there was any doubt about this result
which I don't think there was but it's
beyond any totaled out now with this
look
you